h1. Welcome to OrganizationChart by Obeo Network

This modeler provides a set of common diagrams to work with OrganizationChart models. 

These plugins are released under the EPL Open-Source License.

More details about features, screenshots, release notes, dependencies here:

 * http://marketplace.obeonetwork.com/module/organizationchart
 * http://docs.obeonetwork.com/organizationchart
 * http://www.obeodesigner.com


h2. Download

h3. Update Sites

Nightly 1.0  (Sirius based) : http://marketplace.obeonetwork.com/updates/nightly/organizationchart/1.0.0/repository


h1. Building the Module for Obeo Designer or Sirius


You'll need "Apache Maven 3":http://maven.apache.org/download.html to be installed on your computer.

To launch the build, go to the root of your git repository and type :

@mvn clean package@

bq.  You might want to build with another version of Obeo Designer as an input (for instance a beta or an integration build) You can do so using the *od-site* property : @@ mvn clean package -Dod-site="http://www.mydomain.com/some/update/site/"@@

Maven will bootstrap itself, download all the dependencies and build OrganizationChart. The output of the build is a p2 repository (an update site) generated here : 

@features/org.obeonetwork.dsl.organizationchart.update/target/repository@

To install it in an Eclipse installation use @Help/Install New Software@ and point to this location.

Launching the test is not harder, just type :

@mvn clean verify@

Maven will launch the tests and give you the result. 
Code coverage is captured thanks to Jacoco.

h1. Building the Module for an alternate installation of Viewpoint.

The build instructions are the same as for an Obeo Designer installation. It will require you Maven 3, Java and an internet connection.

To launch the build, go to the root of your git repository and type :

@mvn clean package -P!od-build@

bq. If you are using bash, you might need to escape the @!@.


OrganizationChart technically only depend on the *Sirius* component of Obeo Designer but to ease installation for end user the OrganizationChart feature specify some explicit dependencies on some of the Obeo Designer features.

It might be a problem for you if you use a different distribution of *Sirius*. To cover those use cases we defined an alternate packaging for OrganizationChart. After kicking the build you'll find another update site in  :
   
@features/fr.obeo.dsl.organizationchart.update/target@

which aggregates a specific feature which does not depend on Obeo Designer by itself.
 
h1. Contributing

Just use github, fork our "main repository":https://github.com/ObeoNetwork/organizationchart do your changes and trigger a "pull request":https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests , we'll be happy to consider it for inclusion.  




 


  
